# Spree Nice Checkout

This Spree extension adds a Shopify style checkout to your Spree 3.7 store. Why?
- If you have recently moved from Shopify your existing customers won't notice a huge change.
- Shopify is so wieldy used, so much so that a large percentage of people know the Shopify checkout flow and feel reassured.
- Bypass the default spree registration step that interrupts the checkout flow from cart to checkout.

## ToDo
1. Discounts need ajax updating when applied. Currently the discounts updates via a page reload if successful, also could do with ability to remove discount code if user wishes to.
2. Login needs to be more seamless, it currently redirects you back to the homepage if successful and adds the items in cart to any that the user had from last session. Ideally, if a login is successful from the checkout login from, the user should be redirected back to the checkout/address stage, and if the user had an existing order in the users  session from a previous visit, rater than adding all items onto the order, it would be better to update the order to only the items that the user was checking out with prior to logging in, this saves any back tracking to the cart stage to amend the order.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_nice_checkout', github: 'matthewkennedy/spree_nice_checkout'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_nice_checkout:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_nice_checkout/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2019 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
